Well, this is the end of ETH Denver
2026.
This was the fourth and final day that
is historically
dedicated to the teams that were spent
hacking over the past week or two.
Walking away from this event, I'm
feeling uh one of the best feelings I
felt in a long time leaving and eat
Denver. Usually when I'm leaving, I
wonder what's next, where we're going as
an industry, how the Colorado community
uh will continue to fortify itself. And
honestly, sometimes when I leave, I feel
like I left something on the table. But
this year, I'm not feeling that. We got
a fantastic amount of interviews from
really, really solid, amazing people
that have been building in the space for
years who have been building the
Ethereum Denver community, who've been
building abroad, um, infrastructure
folks, uh, folks who've been guest on
the Smart Economy podcast,
uh, just a wide swath of fantastic
conversations.
and walking away from ETH Denver this
year, I've never felt like a fraud
working in this industry,
but I definitely feel connected and that
these interviews that we got here with
the Crypto Talks and Blockchain Walks
were a phenomenal group of interviews
and we really had our finger on the
pulse for what was happening this year.
We're in a bare market right now. I
think it's safe to say
the price of tokens is down, sentiment
is down, builders are leaving, sponsors
weren't paying this year, but that
didn't stop people from turning out. And
I think at the end of the day, that is
really what this crypto community is all
about. That is really why we know
blockchain has a future because of the
people who came to this event.
ETH Denver should serve as a proxy for
where we're going as an industry.
I remember in 2020
just before the DeFi summer kicked off,
the price of youth was terrible
um at February 2020 here at Eat Denver.
And I remember walking around knowing
for a fact that this industry was going
to continue to persist. And it was the
people that were in that room building
products that were going to be the
future of this asset class, of this
vertical, and of a new wave, an era of
internet money and internet technology
that was going to persist.
So when I leave ETH Denver 2026,
I'm not scared that this bare market
could drag on. I'm not scared at all. I
walked away having conversations with
the folks that were in this building,
the attendees, the sponsors,
knowing that in 5 years we're still
going to be here and even stronger.
We are in an era where institutions are
adopting and using our blockchain
networks. There is no doubt that we are
forging forward and that we are here.
This is just another moment in market
cyclicality.
And there are downtimes, but nothing
good can ever last forever and nothing
bad can ever last forever.
So, as I walk back to my car and I go
back to my life and I engage with these
fine folks online and I wait to see them
again at another conference, possibly in
a year, maybe less, who knows?
of feeling invigorated and inspired to
keep moving forward and to keep pushing
forward because I know we're all
aligned. And it's for those moments why
I really love ETH Denver and really the
Ethereum community for bringing all of
this about.
So forge forward friends, worry not. We
are in the Wild West on the frontier of
innovative technologies.
But as long as we have the people that
were in this building,
that were at this innovation festival,
the 6,000 minds that were here and
willing to build and create a better
tomorrow, I have no doubt that any
conference I see you at in the future,
we're going to be in a better place than
we were today. So, it sounds like we're
going to have our 10th ETH Denver, our
10th year of ETH Denver in 2027.
And I can't wait to see you guys there.
Until then, see you on the screen.